Controversial groom Salim Mehajer has released a new video Mehajer and bride Aysha dance down a plane aisle to a rap tune The couple appear to be jetting off on honeymoon with friends One tattooed man fires an imaginary gun at the camera during the video Mehajer may be leaving town as pressure mounts over his business    Auburn deputy mayor Salim Mehajer has released a pre-honeymoon video in which he clowns around on a private jet with new wife Aysha who dances in the aisle with a group of friends including tattooed muscle men, one of whom fires a finger gun at the camera.  
In the video, which has the couple's friends dancing in the aisle of a private chartered plane to the rap song, the newlyweds are dressed in casual clothes and Aysha is seen laughing hysterically as her husband plays with the cabin public address system.  
Wearing a  pair of sunglasses and a red motor racing jacket, Mr Mehajer blows a kiss at the camera and leads his bride up the plane aisle and into the cockpit where they observe the coast with the pilots.    SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO      Controversial bridegroom and deputy mayor Salim Mehajer makes his way down the aisle of a charter plane (pictured) in his new video which hints at his and bride Aysha's jetting off on honeymoon    Aysha Mehajer (pictured)  can be seen laughing at her new husband's antics with the cabin public address system in the opening seconds of the video      Is that toilet paper decorating the cabin?
Aysha is clearly hysterical about husband Salim's jokes as the newlyweds laugh and dance inside the plane with a group of friends including several muscled men     
A happy new bride Aysha dances to the beat of rap song 'Watch me whip/naenae killing it' followed by a conga line of young women and men who are all clearly excited to be travelling with the happy couple     Salim Mehajer, who is dressed in casual clothes including a red jacket with Shell and Marlboro patches,  blows a kiss at the camera and removes his sunglasses in the video he posted on Facebook with the message, 'I restricted myself from having fun until I reached success'      Salim Mehajer says on  Facebook in a message with his new video 'I'll forever be a genuine person with NO hidden agendas.
What you see is what you get.'     
Salkim leads Aysha into the plane's cockpit where they sit with the pilots looking out at a view of the ocean and coast below, perhaps hinting that the couple is about to embark on an overseas honeymoon      The wedding that stopped the nation: Salim and Aysha Mehajer as newlyweds pictured at their wedding reception in Sydney with singer Missy Higgins last month   Then Aysha begins dancing to Watch Me Whip, followed by a line of young men and women dancing to the beat and laughing. The 40 second video then fades to a sunset scene of a jet landing on a tarmac.  
Called 'Salim and Aysha's bridal getaway teaser', the video hints that the couple is about to jet off overseas, just as pressure is building at home to have him sacked from Auburn council and he is being sued for almost $2 million.  
Posted on his Facebook page, Mr Mehajer has added the defiant word: 'I restricted myself from having fun until I reached success - I'll forever be a genuine person with NO hidden agendas.
What you see is what you get.'    
Aysha begins dancing to Watch Me Whip, followed by a line of young men and women dancing to the beat and laughing.
The 40 second video then fades to a sunset scene of a jet landing on a tarmac      Salim Mehajer's words on Facebook with his new video seem defiant in the face of criticism about his property developments following his lavish wedding, and talk about removing him from office among Auburn councillors who still rankle at the fact he blocked a local street      Just as Kim Kardashian and Kanye West had a wall of flowers at their wedding, Salim and Aysha spared no expense with the decorations at the lavish reception held in western Sydney in August    Ready, aim: One of the guests on the plane in Salim Mehajer's latest 'honeymoon video' is a heavily muscled and tattooed man who grins and then takes aim at the camera     Kapow: The man, dressed in black and wearing sunglasses aims at the camera with his finger and pretends to shoot at the lens while dancing in a conga line up the plane aisle     
One of Salim and Aysha's guests gets into the beat of the rap song 'Watch Me Whip' as it is played in the cabin while the flight takes the group over a stretch of coastline   The video comes less than a month after Mr Mehajer's lavish wedding party in August with four helicopters, a fleet of stretch limousines, luxury cars including a Ferrari and several Lamborghinis and a squad of motorbikes which blocked the streets of Lidcombe in western Sydney.   
Mr Mehajer and his bride, whose birth name is April Learmonth, released a video entitled "Australia's Best Wedding' on social media which got national attention.  
The couple also released a video which depicted them growing old together.
Mr Mehajer council career and his business dealings as a property developer have since been under scrutiny.      
Salim Mehajer, pictured with NRL funnyman Beau Ryan, at wedding reception last month which followed Mehajer's marriage to bride Aysha, formerly April Learmonth      
The happy couple dance in a still from Salim Mehajer's first video, entitled Australia's Best Wedding, which he released on social media causing a storm of publicity for the Auburn deputy mayor followed by controversy over his land dealings      Newlyweds Salim and Aysha in one of the luxury vehicles which blocked the streets of western Sydney following their wedding which became front page news and turned the spotlight on Mr Mehajer's business   Mr Mehajer and two of his companies are being sued for almost $2 million by a commercial finance broker named Acuity Funding, Fairfax News  reported. In Supreme Court proceedings, caveats were placed over four properties in John Street, Lidcombe.   
The houses are just around the corner from where his wedding took place and where Mr Mehajer is building the SkyPoint Towers apartment complex.
He has already come under fire for shrinking the size of the apartments to capitalise on a $45 million profit.  
Mr Mehajer is also expected to give evidence in November in a court compensation battle by two women, Nhu Hua and and her daughter-in-law Tuyet La, who he crashed into while driving his $250,000 Ferrari 612 Scaglietti in Lidcombe on January 17, 2012.  
A number of Auburn councillors who are still aggravated about the Mr Mehajer's wedding, over which they fined him $220 for blocking the street, are also discussing the possibility of removing Mr Mehajer from his deputy mayoral position.  
On Tuesday, Mr Mehajer posted on his Facebook page, 'If you fall behind, run faster.
Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds'.         